I'm so cold, i can use my nose drippings as chopsticks. you mean what we thought they thought we think and thought they thought? don't genius live in lamps? insurance is what i need for a crabby patty. oh! i didn't realize it was happy hopping moron day! try one of those radioactive sludge balls you call food? next, i suppose you'll want me to go square-dancing with patrick! soap... soap... what is soap? no gary, i don't get colds i get the suds. don't stand too close to a squirrel, billy. you'll catch its stupid. i have checks, with little poodles on them. we don't really have these powers! the powers are in the costumes. why else would we wear underwear over our pants? squidward, your ceiling is talking to me. will you please stop leaving your undergarments on my front lawn? i wumbo, you wumbo, he she we wumbo. wumboing, wumbology, the study of wumbo! it's first grade spongebob! you'll never guess what i found in my sock last night. go ahead, guess! mr. krabs, please. i'll prove i'm a fry cook. ask squidward, he'll vouch for me. hey look, a cardboard box washed up on the beach. holy fish paste, it's a guy!!!.

That's it mister! you just lost your brain priviliges! patrick! you forgot how to eat again! come on, we'll get the funnel. i'm so cold, i can use my nose drippings as chopsticks. isn't this great squidward? it's just the 3 of us. you, me, and this brick wall you built between us. did you hear about the goldfish that went bankrupted? now he's a bronzefish. don't we look vicious and bloodthirsty? oh! i didn't realize it was happy hopping moron day! do instruments of torture count?  yeah, uhh... i'm with the pet hospital down the street and i understand you have a dying animal on the premises...  put those eyeballs back in your head, son! squidward, your ceiling is talking to me. i'm mad. i can't see my forehead. remember, licking doorknobs is illegal on other planets. oh, tartar sauce.  mr. krabs! the krabby patty is haunted! hear me krabs, when i discover your formula for krabby patties, i'll run you out of business! i went to college!.

I'm so cold, i can use my nose drippings as chopsticks. the maniacs in the mailbox! see, no one says cool anymore. that's such an old person thing. now we say coral, as in that nose job is so coral. do instruments of torture count?  we shall never deny a guest even the most ridiculous request. soap... soap... what is soap? don't stand too close to a squirrel, billy. you'll catch its stupid. yeah, uhh... i'm with the pet hospital down the street and i understand you have a dying animal on the premises...  it's an alaskan bull worm! we'd better do what he says...  he knows how to grow food. this city needs to be destroyed! or at least painted another color. holographic meatloaf? my favorite! the line for the tunnel of glove is filling up. it's okay, spongebob! you can cheat! cheat that way!.